# cygbuild-rebuild.pod -- Manual page for the program
#
#       Copyright (C) 2003-2008 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This part of the program is free software; you can
#       redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU
#       General Public License as published by the Free Software
#       Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
#       option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
#       WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
#       General Public License for more details.
#
#	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#	along with program; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the
#	Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,
#	Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
#
#       Visit <http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>

=pod

=head1 NAME

cygbuild-rebuild.sh - Rebuild all cygbuild packages

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    cygbuild-rebuild.sh [-h] [-v] [-i INCREASE] -d DIR
    cygbuild-rebuild.sh --Version

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Gneneral options

=over 4

=item B<-d DIR>

Directory from which to ascent to each package directory. The packages are
supposed to be in their own directories.

=item B<--help> or B<-h>

Print short help

=item B<-i INCREASE>

Increase each build release number by INCREASE. The default is 0. Whenever
program is changes, the release number must grow. That is, if there is
already package-1.3-1 then the next version must be package-1.3-2.

=item B<--verbose> or B<-v>

Print informational messages.

=item B<--Version> or B<-V>

Print contact and version information

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Program rebuilds all Cygwin Net release packages recursively starting from
directory DIR. The directory structure layout must be same as outlined in
cygbuild.1 manual section 'How to organize Cygwin Net Release
builds'. Basicly, if DIR is /usr/src/cygwin-build/ the expected layout is:

     +--foo/
     |  |
     |  +--foo-1.3/
     |  +--foo-1.4/
     |
     +--bar/
        +--bar-3.12/
    ...

Only the latest directories (like foo-1.4) will be rebuilt.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

cygbuild.sh(1)

=head1 BUGS

None known.

=head1 AUTHOR

Copyright (C) 2003-2008 Jari Aalto.

This program is free software; you can redistribute and/or modify it
under Gnu General Public license v2 or later.

=cut
